"Transhominid" by Meredith Hollander.
The story headline is "A meditation on transcendence and tradition"

Release along with a website and interpreter.

[Include Title Page by Jon Ingold.]
Include Exit Lister by Eric Eve.
Include Basic Screen Effects by Emily Short.

Section - Game System Tweaks

[Custom Undo Prohibited Response]
Use Undo Prevention.
The immediately undo rule response (A) is "Nina always said that it's better to think about what you will do differently in the future than dwell on what you could have done differently in the past. Regret is a cage, she'd told you, but resolve will set you free."


After reading a command:
	[Custom prohibited save and load messages]
	If the player's command matches "save" or the player's command matches "load" or the player's command matches "restore":
		say "Since T-Day, and the Diaspora, humans had learned wondrous things about themselves, and existence, and crossed great bounds of space in mere instants. Time, however, remained beyond your reach.";
		stop the action;

Understand the command "dump" as something new. 
Dumping is an action applying to one thing.
Understand "dump [something]" as dumping.
Understand "dump out [something]" as dumping.
Understand the command "pour" as "dump".
Understand the command "spill" as "dump".
Understand the command "empty" as "dump".
Understand the command "decant" as "dump".
Carry out dumping:
		say "That seems like it would be a waste.".
		
[Custom attacking message]
The block attacking rule is not listed in any rulebook.

Report attacking something:
	say "You consider it for a moment with the giddy thrill of a child breaking the rules, but think better of it.[paragraph break]It had been a long time since any human had bothered with violence."

[CHANGE THE FOLLOWING LINE FOR DEBUGGING]
Debug_on is a truth state that varies. Debug_on is usually false.
Logging_on is a truth state that varies. Logging_on is usually false.

When play begins:
	If logging_on is true:
		try switching the story transcript on.

Section 1 - Cold Open

When play begins:
	say "FIXME replace with notes paragraph Parental Nine-Nine-Two-Four (you'd always just called her Nina) was the sentimental type. Maybe that's why she doted on you most, of all the fledglings in your pod. Your Joining is only is only .01 cycles away, she'd said, and it would mean a great deal to her if you would take the journey Home and collect a few things for the ceremony. It was silly that she insisted on following such an old tradition, but not nearly as silly as measuring time in old Terran solar cycles...[paragraph break](Press any key to continue)";
    wait for any key;
    clear the screen;
	move the player to the Lagrange Point, without printing a room description;
    [pause the game;]

Section 2 - Player Setup

The description of the player is "Going corporeal isn't something you bother with often, but this particular errand requires it, at least for the moment. The tactile and auditory sensations take the most getting used to, but it takes only seconds to start filtering out the noise. How did anyone live like this for a day, let alone for millions of years?".
Understand "belly button" as yourself.
Understand "body" as yourself.
Understand "ears" as yourself.
Understand "eyes" as yourself.
Understand "fingers" as yourself. 
Understand "feet" as yourself. 
Understand "hands" as yourself. 
Understand "nose" as yourself.
Understand "toes" as yourself.

Chapter 5 - Space

Space is a region.

Section 2 - Hangar Bay

Hangar Bay is a room. It is east of the Lagrange Point. The description is "The first thing you notice about the hangar bay is that the metal floor is uncomfortably cold. Clearly, it hadn't been designed for people to walk in barefoot. A wall panel displays a status readout.[paragraph break]The hangar bay doors are open to the west. Outside, you can see the vacuum of space extending in every direction.".

The wall panel is scenery in the Hangar Bay. The description is "You look at the black glass panel and read the glowing blue numbers on it. Everything had been kept the way it had been prior to T-Day. Artificial gravity was still on, station life support was providing a 3:1 nitrogen/oxygen mixture for your body to breathe, and all internal compartments were pressurized to 101.3 kPa.".

[TODO: Nyna was a miner here on T-Day?]

[TODO: create region for scenery that is space]

[TODO: Carry out singing]
[TODO: Carry out hints]

Section 3 - Docking Control Room

Docking Control Room is a room. It is north of the Hangar Bay.

Main Lobby is a room. It is south of the Hangar Bay.
The description of Main Lobby is "".

Elevator Shaft is a room. It is east of the Main Lobby.
The description of Elevator Shaft is "You walk to a set of thick, gray steel doors that gape open, and peer inside. A long, empty vertical tunnel stretches below you as far as your eyes can see, and then extends into the darkness. You call out, the sound echoing up and down the metal structure, sound waves colliding and reflecting off each other, a dissonant symphony. You stand in wonder for a moment, and remember the vivid stories Nyna used to tell about her youth and the searing chords of Jovian rock concerts, and marvel at the idea that you just created music.".

Section 3 - Reactor Core

Reactor Core is a room. It is below the elevator shaft.
The description of Reactor Core is "".

Section 4 - Typography

tab is some text that varies. tab is usually "     ".

Section Z - Testing

Test me with "take wind / e / take asteroid / s / s / take rock / n / e / d / take emitter / inv".
Test bottle with "e / s / s / take bottle".

