Section 1 - Station Exterior

Lagrange Point is a room. The description is "This is where Nyna had said to go, a mining station at the the Sun-Jupiter Lagrange point. The Preserver Collective had done an impressive job with their restoration, though it doesn't look like anyone ever bothers to visit. The hulking metal structure was once a busy ore processing hub, but now is nothing more than an abandoned museum, pristinely in a stasis field.[paragraph break]The stars look so unfamiliar this many light-years from home, you have to take a moment to reorient yourself to the Milky Way's magnetic north.[paragraph break]To the east, you see a large hangar bay leading to the interior of the station."

The player is in the Lagrange Point.
Somethingnew is in the Lagrange Point.

Jupiter is in the Lagrange Point. Jupiter is scenery. The description is "The enormous gas giant dwarfs the mining station before you, its surface swirling with eddies and storms. Nyna had said that back before T-Day, The Great Red Spot was one of Jupiter's most defining atmospheric features. There's no trace of it now, having been buffeted and consumed by other storms over the many eons that had passed.". 

The sun is in the Lagrange Point. The sun is scenery. The description is "It's been burning helium for just a few thousand years now. You've never really liked red giants."

The stars are in the Lagrange Point. The stars are scenery. The description is "You've started to look at them more since you've gotten older. You wonder briefly if you'll spend all your time gazing at the stars when you get to be Nina's age. The interstellar medium, the stars fade into the background until you consciously remind yourself that they exist. You remember an old joke Nina always told about fish (a Terran animal) not realizing that they lived in water.".

The planets are in the Lagrange Point. The planets are scenery. The description is "You always had trouble remembering the old names of the planets in the Sol System. Except for Terra, obviously. And you supposed Jupiter was hard to miss as well, at least from this vantage point."
Understand "Mercury" as planets.
Understand "Venus" as planets.
Understand "Mars" as planets.
Understand "Saturn" as planets.
Understand "Uranus" as planets.
Understand "Neptune" as planets.
Understand "Pluto" as planets.

Earth is in the Lagrange Point. Earth is scenery. The description is "The third planet in the Sol System. They say it used to be a brilliant shade of blue flecked with white, 'Terra, jewel of the cosmos.' and a hundred of other poetic names it's been called by the Diaspora over the years. All the history lessons and facts you were made to memorize failed to make the place ever feel like home. Nina had been around all the way back on T-Day, it was probably different for her. All the oceans were gone by now, but you'd heard the volcanoes were still spectacular to watch.[line break]A fleeting fancy strikes you as you consider going to the surface for a moment. Not because you have a burning desire to finally see it for yourself, but because you know it would make Nina so happy to hear you'd visited. Your discomfort at the though of having to tread Earth's hallowed ground far outweighs any sense of filial duty, and you dismiss the idea as quickly as it came. You feel pang of guilt. For the first time, it comes with a sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach."
Understand "Terra" as Earth.

Mining station is in the Lagrange Point. Mining station is scenery. The description is "The old mining station was built here in the early days of space travel, balanced precariously between gravity wells. It's a decrepit hulk cobbled together from ablative shielding and some unidentifiable gray metal. It clearly hadn't been built with aesthetics in mind. You wonder why Nina had sent you here, of all places."

The Milky Way Galaxy is in the Lagrange Point. Milky Way Galaxy is scenery. The description is ""

